Link to assignment:
https://codepen.io/devandapaige/pen/poyveBv?editors=1100

Questions:
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
		Sementic HTML are tags that allow us to divide up a website more clearly which can make it more accessible and help with SEO.

    2. What is HTML used for? 		
		HTML is a markup language used for displaying data on a webpage graphically.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
		An attribute is a description of where the element is coming from, or what properties to apply to the element. These are inside the opeing tag, after the start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
		The h1 shold only be used one time on a webpage and should be used as the main heading.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
		img and a 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
		head can include the website title, favicon, and links to our stylesheet and other formating documents.

    7. What is an id? 
		An id is an attribute that can be given to an element to give it a unique name that be referenced later.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
		Any element that you want to have a unique name.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
		You should only use an id once on a page.

    10. What is a class? 
		A class is an attribute that can be given to an element to give it a name that be referenced later.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
		Any element that you want to have groupped together.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
		As many times as you'd like, but all these elements with the same class will share the same properties if the class is used later in the page.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
		After the link attribute you can add a "target" attribute and set it to "_blank" which will open the link in a new tab (or window for some browsers).
		<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qap5aO4i9A" target="_blank">My Workflow Go-to</a>

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
		This is used for accessibility readers to read an image description for someone who is not light-abled. This text will also appear if the image source is unable to load on the page.

    15. How do I reference an id?
		with a pound sign. #previouslyUsedId

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
		A section is a semantic markup which helps group themes together on a page. Div does not need to be used to group like-content, but rather is more commonly used to group elements that will be presented on the page in a similar style.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
		CSS is a language that tells a computer how to display elements on a page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
		calling it then following it with curly brakets:
			h2 {
			}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?






